# CS350

In this README file I will be reflecting on the two project artifacts from this course that I think best reflect my talents. The first project artifact is the module 3 uart2echo assignment and the second project artifact is the module 5 gpioInterrupt assignment. 
1. Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. The uart2echo project utilized the uart2echo project from the resource explorer in CCS. I modified this premade project so that an LED on my ti board would turn on when a user typed "on" into the console, and would turn off if the user typed "off". The gpioInterrupt assignment utilized the gpioInterrupt project from the resource explorer in CCS. I modified the premade project so that my ti board would continuously blink SOS in Morse code on the green and red LEDs. I also included functionality to toggle the message between SOS and OK by pushing one of the side buttons on the board.
2. What did you do particularly well? In both of these projects I was good at adapting to a new develpment environment, as this was my first experience with Code Composer Studio. Even though the uart2echo project guideline was outdated, I still managed to develop the code properly and without errors.
3. What could you improve? I could improve by learning more about CCS and how to fully utilize all of its resources. I struggled getting my code to function properly in the final project because I could not resolve and error. If I had spent more time studying the CCS documentation, I probably could have properly debugged this error and had a successful final project.
4. What tools and/or resources are you adding to your support network? My new found knowledge of Code Composer Studio and how to program an embedded C system will both be excellent resources to add to my support network.
5. What skills from this prooject will be particularly transferrable to other projects and/or course work? The knowledge I've gained regarding embedded systems in general will help me emmensly for any future projects that require me to develop or work with an embedded system.
6. How did you make this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable? I kept my projects maintainable, readable, and adaptable by following coding best practices and utilizing clear and concise comments, formatting, and functional logic. 
